So if I open up a clips, you'll see I have live project to open.
And if we look at the resources package, this is the ideal place where we can place our workbook.
So I'm going to minimize this.
Open up my resources folder and I'm going to control seeds and copy the credentials workbook.
I'm going to go to Eclipse and I'm going to highlight the resources package and do control V and you'll
see credentials box exo sex is now there.
So we've imported that spreadsheet, that workbook into our project.
The next thing I need to do is to create the two new page object classes.
But before I do that, I've noticed we need to make one small change.
So we already have a shop home page, page, object class.
If I open it, you'll see.
Currently we have selectors for the products, but we don't have one for the sign in button.
So we need to add one for the sign in button as we can to need this in our test.
So on the test or home page, I'm going to inspect the sign in button.
I'm going to go to run rocks velocity.
And I'm going to retrieve the second USS Locator.
Now, for some reason, Selenium Web driver doesn't like this first one.
So please ensure use of second USS Locator, which I've copied.
I'm going to go back to the page object class and I'm going to create a new variable.
It's going to be called by lock in button and it's going to equal by CSX selector, and I'm going to
place that value.
So I now need to create a new method which will retrieve this locator reference.
So I'm going to simply copy.
This method and instead of product eight, I'm going to call it Get.
Plug in button.
And instead of returning Product eight, I'm going to replace this with this value.
So that's what we need to do in our shop.
Home page paint object class.
So I'm going to save it and I'm going to close it.
So I need to create a new page.
Object class.
For.
It's log in page here.
So I'm going to do this by simply copying and pasting in the shopping cart class.
But I'm going to rename this new one.
Shop.
Log in page and then click.
Okay.
But then double click that class to open it.
I need to amend this class now for the purpose of this page.
So I'm going to delete all these fields apart from one just to reference that.
And I'm also going to delete all these methods apart from one.
So the first thing we need to do is update these fields.
So the first element I'll be using is this email address.
So I'm going to call this.
Email.
And if I right click and inspect the email filled and go to run along philosophy, I'm going to simply
copy this versus a selector.
And I'm going to replace the existing one.
If I then copy this line.
Instead of email, I'm going to changes to password.
And if I go back to the web page and users select a all to click on the passwords field, I'm then going
to take this CSC selector.
And I'm going to replace the value like.
So finally we need one for the sign in button.
So again, I'm going to get the selector tool and click it and I'm going to copy this selector value.
I'm going to create a new field.
But says this selector and I'm going to place a value.
So now we need to create the method or method is first method.
So instead of get to have promo, get the changes to get email and instead of return and have promo,
I'm going to replace it with the filled.
And I'm going to copy this method two more times instead of get email.
The second one is going to be get password.
And I'm going to pass that password like so.
And for this final one get submit BTN and on gets pass that filled like so.
So this is our shop log in page class now completed.
So I'm going to save it.
And then I'm going to copy it and paste it.
And this second class is going to be called.
Shop.
Your account.
I think.
Okay.
So this class is going to represent.
Page when I successfully log in.
So this page here.
So I need to get a locator for this headed as I'm going to be using this in my test.
So if I go back here, I'm going to create or I'm going to amend this class similar to what I did last
time.
But I'm going to be leaving one method and I'm also going to be leave in one filled.
So I'm going to be calling his first field.
Heading.
And I'm going to get the locator for this, your account title.
So if I quickly inspected.
Again, go to runner up velocity.
You'll see that is simply a one element and it's unique.
So if I type page one here center, you'll see there's only 1h1 element on the page, which means we
can use this.
So I'm going to change this quite simply to the one value.
I'm also going to get a locator for four.
Closes the sign out button.
So if I inspect it.
Go back to run amok, Felicity.
You'll see.
I'm given a CSF selector, which I'm going to copy.
And I'm going to create a new field called.
By sign out this going to equal buyer.
Yes.
A selector, and I'm going to place that value.
So now I need to amend this first method instead of get email.
I'm going to change it to.
It's heading and it's going to pass the heading filled.
I'm going to copy that method, paste it instead of gets hidden.
Get sign out, beat and.
I'm going to pass that sign out filled like so.
So this is the shop your account page.
An object class.
Now, complete it too.
So I'm going to save it.
And an encloses.
So those are the two page object classes we need.
And we've also imported the Credentials Workbook in next lecture.
We begin building our test by accessing the data from the Excel workbook.